[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico bon bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[Rainbow Thunder]
Chico Bon Bon and the Piratey Predicament.
Neil Ostrich reporting to you live
on Cupcake Day,
that special holiday
when friends give each other cupcakes.
-Happy Cupcake Day!
-Oh, thanks!
Local monkey with a tool belt,
Chico Bon Bon,
is engineering a totally new way
to deliver his cupcakes.
So, who are we sending a cupcake to first?
Mr. McFluster!
Oh, today he's hard at work cleaning
the top of Blunderburg Tower.
Hiya!
How will we get a cupcake
all the way up there?
With a cupcake powered hot-air balloon!
One cupcake coming right up.
Chico, what makes the balloon
float up into the air?
Is it magic frosting?
It's better than magic, Clark.
It's science!
The candle heats the air
inside the balloon,
making it hotter than the air outside.
And since hot air rises,
the balloon floats up!
Huh, so it's not the frosting.
Thanks, Chico! Happy Cupcake Day.
And a very happy Cupcake Day to you too,
Mr. McFluster!
[alarm blares]
The banana phone!
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon.
You got a problem? We can solve 'em!
Chico, me hearty,
'tis your favorite pirate,
Captain Squirrel Beard!
The squirrel with a beard!
And boy,
do I have a doozy of a cupcake problem.
Well, you called
the right monkey business, Captain.
We'll be there in a jiffy-jaff.
Oh, a thousand thanks, Chico!
I'll send ya me location now.
Firing the cannon!
[clattering]
Huh?
An acorn?
There's a map inside!
It'll lead us to Squirrel Beard.
Fix-It Force,
time to bring the arr-some!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
[action music playing]
Whoa! [grunts]
Whoa!
[grunts]
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
-[wheels screech]
-[horn honking]
I think we found Captain Squirrel Beard.
Ahoy, mateys!
Ahoy there, Captain!
We're coming up.
Sorry, Chico. But only pirates
be allowed aboard me ship.
-What did you say, Captain?
-Coming aboard a ship without asking?
I like it. Very piratey!
Welcome aboard!
-Thanks!
-And happy Cupcake Day, Captain!
Oh, if only it were happy.
But how can a pirate
be happy stuck on dry land...
when there's
precious cupcake cargo to deliver?
How did you get stuck here anyways?
Gather round, me hearties,
for a tale of wonder and woe.
And mostly woe.
Whoa!
[Captain] A huge wave
tossed me ship high into the air.
Whoa!
[Captain] And then I landed
in the mouth of a giant three-eyed whale!
Whoa!
[Captain] That scurvy whale burped
me and me ship straight into the air.
Whoa!
[Captain] I tumbled through
the clouds, until I landed right here!
Whoa! Really?
Well, I think that's what happened.
I went below deck
to check on me cupcake
and when I came up,
my ship had washed up here!
Poor Sprinkles!
Is Sprinkles your ship's name?
Course not.
Me ship's name is The Scurvy Acorn.
Sprinkles is a sea monster.
A sea monster?
Well, not just any sea monster, matey.
She's me best friend in the world.
And that's why it's so important
that I get to Dessert Island
to deliver this cupcake to her.
It's a special ice cream cupcake,
just for Sprinkles.
She really loves ice cream.
[laughs] Blimey, it's starting to melt!
Captain, we'll have you unstuck
and off to Dessert Island in no time.
We just need to figure out how.
Too bad the ship
isn't in the water anymore.
Then we could just sail it
straight to Dessert Island.
Brilliant idea, Clark!
If we can't bring the ship to water,
maybe we can bring water to the ship.
Time to get our feet wet.
Get ready to release the water
on my count.
Three, two, one, go!
Thar she blows!
[gasps]
[laughs] Me ship just moved!
Chico, it be working.
The water is floating me boat.
Best Cupcake Day ever! [giggles]
Oh.
Something's wrong.
The ship isn't moving anymore.
Looks like there's just not enough water.
Hmm. We may need another plan.
Watch out for that puddle, Clark.
You don't want to...
Whoa! Ugh!
...slip.
I'm okay.
You just gave me an idea, Clark.
What if we had something slippery
to move the ship with?
Hmm, something slippery.
-Something like--
-Bananas?
Not bananas, but banana peels!
Lots and lots of banana peels!
-Extra slippery.
-[thuds]
[gasps]
Ow!
Ah, whatever floats your boat.
But be quick! This midday sun is really
taking its toll on me ice cream cupcake.
You heard the pirate. Sprinkles
the sea monster needs her cupcake.
Let's slip and slide this ship
right out of here!
Rainbow?
Hang on to your whiskers!
Hey, we're moving!
Keep going, Rainbow!
Arr, I'm giving it everything she's got,
Captain.
-Uh-oh!
-[crash]
The ship's too heavy for TF One to pull!
Even with slippery banana peels
to slide on.
We may need another plan.
What if the ship had its own wheels,
just like TF One?
Then we could roll it out of here.
Rainbow, I don't like that idea...
I love it!
How's it going, Chico?
Almost done. How's the cupcake?
Well, it started like this... Mmm.
But now it's more like this... Hmm.
Hurry, Chico!
Okay, team, let's get ready to push.
When I give the signal, Squirrel Beard,
you steer the ship
out of the intersection, okay?
Aye, aye!
To Dessert Island!
Just hold on, cupcake.
You're gonna make it.
You hear me? You're gonna make it!
Don't you quit on me!
Okay, three, two, one...
push!
Squirrel Beard, steer us out of here!
Hey, it's some kind
of Cupcake Day parade!
[laughs] We're doing it! We're moving!
Great. Keep going!
Happy Cupcake Day, ye landlubbers!
Whoo-hoo!
Here I come, Sprinkles.
I'm almost there
with your special cupcake. I'm-- Ah!
Whoa! What was that?
-[Chico] Um...
-[Rainbow] We're stuck!
Chico! 'Tis the end for me
and my poor ice cream cupcake.
We're now not only stuck on land,
we're stuck between these buildings, too!
[cries]
My poor pal Sprinkles.
Poor Squirrel Beard.
His cupcake is melting,
his ship is still stuck,
and he's still no closer
to Dessert Island.
[inhales]
Ah, this is so time for a banana break.
[ding]
[Chico] Okay. So how do we move
a ship that's stuck on land?
We tried to add water,
but we didn't have enough to float it.
And then we tried to slide it out,
but the ship was too heavy to move,
-even with banana peels.
-[buzzer]
And then we gave it wheels
and tried to push it out,
but it was too big
to fit between the buildings.
And if we don't do something soon,
poor Captain Squirrel Beard's ice cream
cupcake is gonna be completely melted!
And he won't get to give
his cupcake to Sprinkles
like we floated ours to Mr. McFluster.
Wait a minute, float!
[dings]
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We can float the boat to Sprinkles.
Of course!
If we build a big enough balloon,
we can use hot air to float the boat up
and out of the intersection!
Yay! Hot air!
Clark, Rainbow, you two grab the sails.
Tiny, start threading a needle.
We've got a balloon to build.
[action music playing]
[Rainbow Thunder] Ta-da!
But what'll we use for our heat source?
I got it covered.
Candles!
Lots of 'em.
Chico, I don't see how a few candles can--
Whoa!
Hmm. We're moving.
What is this sorcery?
It isn't magic frosting.
It's the power of hot air.
The candles are heating
the air inside the balloon.
And since hot air rises...
Me ship is floating up into the air!
[laughs]
[Chico laughs]
[Chico] Next stop, Dessert Island.
[Clark] Dessert Island straight ahead,
Captain.
Hurry! The cupcake's almost melted.
Anchors aweigh!
[Captain] Arr! How do we get down?
Cool down the air.
Blow me down! 'Tis working.
[Rainbow Thunder] Land ho!
Now, to find Sprinkles!
Sprinkles!
Sprinkles, me girl, where are ye?
-[growls]
-[all] Whoa!
[Captain] Sprinkles, me hearty.
[laughs] Meet me Fix-It Force pals.
[all] Uh.
[speaking gibberish]
Doh, happy Cupcake Day to you too,
Sprinkles.
In fact,
I have something very special for you.
Huh?! Really?
Yep. It's made of ice cream.
I knew that was your favorite.
-Aw, we did it!
-Happy Cupcake Day!
[all gasps]
Happy Cupcake Day, mateys!